id:2955
asin:B00000JNTT
title:The Cassandra Crossing
group:DVD
salesrank:49084
similar:2
categories:24
category:;DVD;Genres;Action & Adventure;Disaster Films
category:;DVD;Genres;Action & Adventure;General
category:;DVD;Genres;Action & Adventure;Thrillers
category:;DVD;Genres;Mystery & Suspense;Suspense
category:;DVD;Actors & Actresses;( C );Castel, Lou
category:;DVD;Actors & Actresses;( G );Gardner, Ava
category:;DVD;Actors & Actresses;( H );Harris, Richard
category:;DVD;Actors & Actresses;( H );Hunter, Thomas
category:;DVD;Actors & Actresses;( L );Lancaster, Burt
category:;DVD;Actors & Actresses;( L );Law, John Phillip
category:;DVD;Actors & Actresses;( L );Loren, Sophia
category:;DVD;Actors & Actresses;( S );Sheen, Martin
category:;DVD;Actors & Actresses;( S );Stander, Lionel
category:;DVD;Actors & Actresses;( S );Strasberg, Lee
category:;DVD;Actors & Actresses;( T );Thulin, Ingrid
category:;DVD;Actors & Actresses;( T );Turkel, Ann
category:;DVD;Actors & Actresses;( V );Valli, Alida
category:;DVD;Genres;Art House & International;By Country;Italy;General
category:;DVD;Genres;Mystery & Suspense;By Theme;Disaster Films
category:;DVD;Special Features;Titles;( C )
category:;DVD;Genres;Action & Adventure;Action Stars;Burt Lancaster
category:;DVD;Genres;Mystery & Suspense;General
category:;DVD;Genres;Action & Adventure;By Theme;Hereos
category:;DVD;Genres;Action & Adventure;By Theme;Race Against Time
reviews:8
review:ASYCQBBYFGGS2:4
review:A1JM33RNL32HKW:4
review:A3KXFQQFBPJTQE:5
review:A3KXFQQFBPJTQE:5
review:A1TSK0YRWA5R6X:1
review:A31U2QT7SAL7K:5
review:A3N94LNED0IF0R:3
review:A326R2P2MC732S:5
